seeking to assert himself perhaps the
young male lays claim to the carcass
there are still plenty of leftovers his
mother seems to be content to watch him
feed just so long as he keeps the
family's dinner safely stashed trees
ought to provide secure storage for
hard-won spoils a place beyond the reach
of hyenas and other thieves
it's a juvenile blunder and his timing
could hardly be worse African wild dogs
are formidable pack hunters capable of
killing adult weapons as well as compass
the cats need to move fast
[Music]
right now he is not his mother's
favorite yet for both Cubs this has been
a useful lesson to stay alive you must
stay alert
the pack soon gives up and moves on
[Music]